/*	AuthorshipFemto log



Version 2       Smart contracts and group authorization.   Fully compatible with
                version 1.1+. In fact, you may remove options  4, 5, and 6  from
                the source code.  Highly configure-able, free from entanglement.
                Essentially an Authorship private file is generated collectively
                over three separate steps where it cannot be modified unless all
                involved governors agree, and release their portion of the keys.
                Meanwhile, the number of such functions could have received some
                value coming from insurance sellers--value is held by governors,
                then re-allocated based on their collective decision.   Just set
                testing_mode to true and it's a smooth chronological experience.
                If testing, run option  4  twice or so--to ensure a sum of  112.
                For example, first time you are governor number 1 with 12 symbol
                responsibilities and the second time you are governor number two
                with 100 symbol responsibilities. Then continue on to option  5.
                Monday, July 12 2021

Version 1.1.1   Independence from the \r\n fuckery of copy/paste and other OSes.
                See characters 13 and 10 in ByteOccurrence.cpp in repo: WhatNot.
                Fully-compatible with previous, upgrade at will.
                Sunday, June 27 2021

Version 1.1     Added security similar to Authorship. Negligible speed decrease.
             -> MAJOR CHANGE, incompatible with previous. Use this version.
                Tuesday, March 16 2021

Version 1.0.2   Oversized identifying properties return "Failed!" not seg fault.
             -> NOTHING MAJOR,  ALL FILES COMPATIBLE,  USE THIS VERSION AT WILL.
                Monday, March 15 2021

Version 1.0.1   Added continue; in  else() for non-character detection upon user
                message entry otherwise  m += 9;  is last before re-detect. This
                is only an issue if your cat helps you type during modification.
                Caution: if this else() is encountered in v1 the event continues
                with shifted number & message--voiding the verif after this one.
                Don't forget, you can always  publish  multiple numbers at once.
             -> NOTHING MAJOR,  ALL FILES COMPATIBLE,  USE THIS VERSION AT WILL.
                Wednesday, March 10 2021 */
